How much money have I given away over my
career? $10,000. $70,000. $456,000.
Somewhere over $100 million.
Very few people know what a day of my
life is like. No one knows what 45 days
are like. How we doing, Jimmy? Nap time.
John, it's 5:00 a.m.
And we're still not done filming? Good
night.
What you're about to see is 45 days of
my life. This is going to be one of our
most videos. Something can go wrong, it
will go We're in a really bad spot.
YouTube shoots. [music] Better be a
banger.
>> Beast Games. You ever get emotionally
attached to contestants like that would
hurt.
>> My personal life, some of the lowest
points in my life, some of the highest
points in my life on display like never
before.
Do you still enjoy doing this?
Depends on the day. I might be filming
in five separate states tomorrow. Guys,
pray for me. [music] If you like the BTS
of my channel, these are the extended
cuts. Here we go.
>> I'm the director.
>> of the executive producer. Showrunner.
I'm and Jimmy, we're both about 8 years
old.
>> We had [music] one leak.
>> This massive building is a sound stage
for the Beast Games. We had someone
sneak into our set. [music]
>> John hits the hardest questions.
>> Yeah, so no one else will. That's why I
told him to hang around. Which of the
news articles about you hurt the most?
>> Oh boy. Season one was [music] tens of
millions of dollars over budget. Yeah.
Whoops.
We have an imminent bad weather
situation. And it was the biggest storm
in decades.
>> It was pouring and lightning. Seconds
away from dumping over a couple of
million dollars worth of gear. Oh my
gosh, and all that water [music] could
drain.
>> Jimmy pause. Jimmy pause. All power in
control room went down. We didn't know
if that footage was gone. We got a
problem. I never give this kind of
access. I'm a little scared.
Welcome to week one.
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> Let's do this. Do you remember what you
told me right after Beast Games season
one ended?
>> [music]
>> If he guesses correctly,
he will win $10 million. Are you
actually going to want to lock in number
six, or do you want to keep
investigating?
I'm locking it in. Did you read her like
a book? Oh my gosh, this is going to be
crazy. What?
What?
>> [screaming]
>> How did he know? What? What are the
odds? Oh my gosh, such a good moment.
Oh my god. No, what?
So good.
You just won $10 million.
You're the first WINNER OF BEAST
$10 MILLION.
HOW DO YOU TOP THIS?
I MEAN, THIS IS GREAT, but yeah.
There are plenty of ways to top this.
Crazier than this. Oh, yeah. No doubt
about it.
Way better.
This is great. As you can see, $10
million and all these world records. At
that moment, I was obviously thinking
the sets could have been better, the you
know, we were also tens of millions of
dollars over budget at that moment. So,
>> [laughter]
>> I was also thinking, yeah, maybe we
don't burn a small fortune while filming
this. I pulled reviews from some of the
harshest critics
>> of season one.
>> Okay. A demonstration of how money alone
can't buy a truly entertaining
television. I mean, at the end of the
day, like I love season one. Now, I
don't I agree though, it's not perfect,
but to act like it's terrible is just
absurd. You know what I mean?
To a big mess of chaotic shaky camera
angles and awkward interviews with some
CGI sparkles added on top in a desperate
attempt to impress us.
Can you read the Rotten Tomatoes
reviews? The audience score is 88%.
Critics score 20%. I think at the end of
the day, this was our first attempt. But
you got to remember, we've we've only
filmed YouTube videos.
>> of this fuel you for season two? Like do
you want to prove them wrong?
>> it will hurt a little more in season two
because I've said this before, I I
thought season one would be like the
perfect competition show ever. It's
bigger, larger prizes, more contestants,
world records.
But I think season two is going to be
what I thought season one would be. So,
I think I think it would hurt a little
more if I got blatantly mean comments
like this on season two. I think season
two could make a run for an Emmy.
Yeah, that's funny.
So, you're making a short where you're
running away.
>> Progressively more and more money. It's
ironic because most people going into a
show this ginormous, I mean, the biggest
unscripted show ever, budget-wise,
set-wise, probably would have taken a
couple weeks off, mentally prepared for
it. And I'm having non-stop
Olympic-level sprinting, burning myself
to the max going into it.
NOBODY'S DOING GREAT.
TWO, ONE.
ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING TO PITCH IT. SO, WE
have 100 smart people, and then there's
a reveal. How epic? The whole thing's
moving. Walls are climbing up a
>> That's the craziest idea I think I've
heard all day. That look at that's good.
Leading up to Beast Games, I was filming
a multi-million dollar video where we
had a person trapped in a private jet.
If he stayed in [music] it, he kept it.
Then I shot for a different video where
we had two people trapped in a prison
for 100 days.
Jimmy, what's the shoot today? We're at
the gym that Steph just built.
>> Can I introduce you to somebody?
>> [laughter]
>> Trying to draw too much attention.
>> [cheering]
>> I see Mr. Beast right there. Yeah.
Jimmy's about to do the halftime show at
the All-Star game.
>> [music]
>> Obviously, since I run a chocolate
company, I'm always trying other
different chocolate [music] products. I
want to see what's out there in the
market. Jimmy
is checking out his Feastables display.
There are so many people lined up here.
They're giving away these limited
edition Feastable bars. They're
literally shutting down the streets of
London. Police escort. All these crowds
are coming The only time that people get
police escorted is for the Prime
Minister. Beast, he's crazy.
We were doing a video where we were
comparing a $1 bunker to the most
expensive bunker in the world. I was in
Kansas for that, flew back to
Greenville, work out.
We had bounty dogs try to find army
forces in a junkyard, and whoever they
found last got money. I might be filming
in five separate states tomorrow. Guys,
pray for me. I need to finish this
before Beast Games. Basically, I had to
wrap filming a ton of main channel
videos because once Beast Games started,
I had to disappear for 45 days. We're
going to SEE IF THE FASTEST ANIMAL ON
EARTH CAN BEAT THE fastest car on Earth.
Get back in.
Cheetahs are so fast.
That's close. Maybe like a second
difference. I almost had it.
How we doing, Jimmy? Nap time. John, you
want to [music] see my bed?
It was horrible. I wasn't sleeping that
much. I was just grinding away. Good
night.
Yeah.
Whoops.
This is insane. While I was on my way to
Vegas, the team had already been
spending months building an entire set
in a freaking desert.
>> The giant spectacle that's on camera
needs a giant spectacle behind camera to
keep it all going.
Thousand plus people moving around, 20
different power generators, trailers,
offices, round-the-clock [music]
catering in a mess hall that could seat
a thousand people. We have as much gear,
if not a little bit more than the
Olympics uses. I've produced a lot of
different shows.
>> [music]
>> America's Got Talent, Wipeout, Lip Sync
Battle. Beast Games doesn't compare to
any traditional [music] kind of TV
shows.
So, here's what we're up against right
now. When you look in there, it looks
really scary cuz it looks like it's
going to be like two weeks before we're
ready. I'm trying to push people as
quickly as possible. Klister is one of
the few people that matches my freakish
energy of getting into the details,
caring about every little thing. I think
a good chunk of his role is just going
around and finding the fires and fixing
them.
Feel the pressure of every part of this
show being successful on my shoulders.
We had one leak. Somebody wrote a thing
in Vegas [music] about like, "Hey, Beast
Games is shooting in this big building."
>> We too know though that this massive
building is a sound [music] stage for
the Beast Games. We can't put up a sign
that says, "Mr. Beast Production" cuz
everybody at the airport is going to
look at that go, "Oh, Mr. Beast." So, we
were like, "Hey, summer camp."
Right now, we're at the airport. The
first contestants [music] are about to
arrive for summer camp, which is the
code name for Beast Games. And that
[music] code, and what it turned into
was kind of special. I'm excited to be
at summer camp. You're going to win it
all? I feel like I'm going to be a
killer.
>> I'm going on the show to win the money,
donate my liver right afterwards to my
best friend who has cancer.
>> I've been practicing by doing 6-ft lache
jumps, press handstands, handstand
push-ups, dead hangs. Got to look at my
son.
18 months old, steady.
>> [music]
>> I'm doing this for me.
And already you're going to feel like
this is what I would expect in a Mr.
Beast video. [music] So, you're already
subconsciously getting your contestants
in the mindset. Get ready now.
One of you
in this room will win $5 million.
[music]
We have hundreds of thousands of people
who want to be here. We chose the best
200. [music]
200 contestants. From the moment they
arrived at the airport today, that is
their first steps into the competition.
You are the show. [music] We are
undertaking the biggest show that will
be shot in 2025. The things we do are
unlike anything [music] that has ever
been done before. We're still doing a
lot of building in there right now.
We're dealing with fires every day, but
that's what we do. We're problem
solvers. We're making
the world's biggest competition,
and we just happen to be filming it.
It's time to introduce the theme of
Beast Games two, strong versus smart.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
>> We put them through the car wash, which
is [music] like, you know, getting
fitted for an outfit, taking pictures,
giving their hero shots, getting
pre-interviews with [music] them. We're
going to also take away their cell
phone. Our goal this season was through
the casting process to find people with
superlatives.
>> [cheering]
>> We had some of the smartest contestants
in the world. There was the human
calculator, [music] someone that
memorized like what was it? A thousand
digits of pi.
>> 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679
And we had these like giant mammoth
people, huge muscles, strongest of the
strong.
>> Get the ambulance ready. You got to Come
on. I'm a professional wrestler, so I
just go around [snorts] the country
beating dudes up.
>> Five-time world's strongest man. We had
American Ninja Warrior.
>> a freaking strong team over here that's
trying to challenge me to a push-up
contest. Okay. Oh, okay. All right.
We're going to show these strong people
we CAN DO A PUSH-UP, TOO.
>> I WANT you to channel all that childhood
trauma.
They might know how to count, but we
know how to count BY 45S, RIGHT?
>> [cheering]
>> WE REALLY did our best to basically give
Jimmy the opportunity to go up and go,
"Who are you?" And they go, "I am a
rocket scientist." And then we go, "Wow,
I immediately now could resonate at
minimum with who you are as a person."
By the way, that's like 101. That's how
behind we were in season 1.
Tyler in one word? Creative genius. I
get two words, I don't care.
He started off as a janitor cleaning for
like eight bucks an hour. After [music]
working with him for a summer, I was
like, "You should drop out of college
and come work here full-time. You're
pretty creative." And Tyler was like,
"You know what? Screw it." And I ended
up dropping out, so I just put him on my
hip for five, six years and just taught
him everything I knew. And after a
while, he just became like a second me.
We're about to go to dinner with all the
contestants. We could spend over
$500,000 tonight just to get them in the
mindset of what Beast [music] Games is.
So, it's going to be a little bit of fun
tonight.
The welcome dinner, it had a spark to
[music] it. It's a bunch of people who
for the last days, weeks, months have
been fantasizing about what it would be
like to be at Beast Games. Now we got
all the contestants here in this
restaurant. How's it going?
How are you guys doing?
Excited?
>> [cheering]
>> Jimmy has generously given all of you a
gift of $1,000.
>> [cheering]
>> Now that you all know you have a $1,000,
if over 100 of you say yes, we'll flip a
coin and do double or nothing.
>> [cheering]
>> Raise your hand IF YOU WANT US TO FLIP
THE COIN.
>> [cheering]
>> FOR DOUBLE OR NOTHING.
[cheering]
>> OH.
UNFORTUNATELY, you have lost out on the
$1,000 gift that Jimmy
>> ANYWAYS. HOW DO YOU FEEL?
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> I HAD BREAKFAST WITH JIMMY. A little
nerve-racking because his question to me
was, "I need you to [music] tell me why
Beast Games cost so much."
>> I'm so one's going to be a banger. We
give away tens of millions of dollars in
pricing that no [music] one else does.
But on top of that, every set that we
build and use once, a traditional TV
show would use for an entire series, 10
episodes. We use it for one episode,
sometimes half an episode. Still needs a
lot of work. We had a mandate from
Beast, "You guys need to be on budget
this season. End of story."
>> Last year, we were massively over
budget. This year, we're trying to be on
budget, [music] but I can't lose money
this time.
I can't. So, we took that very
seriously. [music] How did you do that?
I'm a wizard. Well, that's obviously
what we pay Miller for. And so, that's
where I've noticed you kind of your
brain has to be in a certain zone. So,
if you're in production mindset, you're
not going to be as creative as possible.
When I'm on set, I need to be in
creative mode. I need to be thinking
about how do I [music] maximize the
content?
>> I don't think a lot of the overages we
did on season 1 necessarily equated to
better [music] content. So, this season,
I mean, we're spending millions more on
screen. I mean, we have a camera that
cost half a million dollars that Marvel
uses. That gives me a little heart
[music] palpitation early on because I
know everybody falls in love with these
ideas and then it's like we got to
[music] start dialing it back to stay
within budget.
Holy cow, dude.
Yeah. Holy.
When you think of a desert in Vegas, you
don't think about rainstorm. What the
heck? You know what [laughter] I mean?
This was a wild weather day.
>> We had record rainfall more at It
started by rain, thunder, even hail.
They they were calling it like a freak
storm of the half century and we got an
alert, we all sheltered in place. That
doesn't happen and it happened.
We're already a day behind and we're on
day one. All right, I'm going to be on
set in like 15 minutes. [music] Like
this is all happening in real time.
>> More storms moving through the valley
today. This one dropping heavy rain and
dime-sized hail.
First thing on my mind is I need [music]
to get in a good headspace before I get
there.
Cuz I don't want people to see that I'm
nervous.
Rain came in. Rain was pouring really
hard.
It actually broke through our set.
>> Everything was pristine last night. Now,
not so much. Like the thunderstorm
definitely came through here and it's
eating up everyone's time.
>> [music]
>> And the tent is like breaking. There's
stuff flying off from over there.
And it looks pretty bad. What are the
chances we don't film tonight?
Chances we don't film? Uh, everything
Just saw that lightning.
80% we're not going to film, 20% we have
a shot of filming. If we are here for
another day, how many hundreds of
thousands of dollars will that cost?
This could trigger a few hundred
thousand all the way [music] to
potentially a million or two dollars.
>> The storm really messed up a lot of the
circuitry, a lot of the electronics, and
caused a lot of delays that pushed
things into the last minute. And every
day we were delayed, I think it was like
a million dollars in pushed plane fees
cuz we were charting so many [music]
planes to move equipment. It's like half
a million dollar in crew fees. It's all
this stuff. So, we're on such a crazy
tight timeline.
>> Yeah, that storm was was pretty brutal.
That's where the morale gets low cuz
then you have a thousand people that are
working on the set. And like, am I
actually working for something that's
just going to get tanked? It woke us up.
For a moment, I thought we wouldn't have
an episode one. We're running out of
time. Yep.
I don't want to be in a rush situation.
Rule number one, something can go wrong,
it will go wrong. You just got to roll
with it. It happens. It thundered,
safety said we couldn't have people in
the metal building for five hours.
Ruined all our plans,
uh, but here we are. We're just starting
a little later. It's 1:00 p.m.
A.M. A.M. It's 1:00 a.m. 1:00 a.m. What
did I say? P.M. Oh, I don't know. I'm
tired.
I feel like I'm walking into like a
football arena.
Is there anything that could go wrong?
Like it seems you guys have
>> [laughter]
>> What do you mean, yeah? There's a
million things. Like we right now
we have two hours [music] and 10 minutes
to film a game that's projected to take
five hours. We are in a really bad spot.
The challenge is about to begin, guys.
>> [cheering]
>> Hundreds of millions of people might
watch you. Be yourself. You can't take
things back when it's being recorded by
a thousand cameras. Be smart. IS THAT
COOL?
>> [cheering]
>> HEY, SEAN. I I'M I'M GETTING TO THE
POINT WHERE I just don't care about
anything other than starting.
Can you get on the mic, Klitz, and say
we're rolling in like two minutes?
Everyone in their places now on the
deck.
Everybody get in their places now on the
deck. We are rolling in two minutes.
Six months of preparation, 1,100
crew members to pull this off.
All right, in 3 2 1 go.
Once again, I AM STANDING ON $5 MILLION
of real cash and competing for the $5
million
and 100 of the strongest people on the
planet. Going to the city one way or
another. I don't care what it takes.
Alongside 100 of the smartest people on
the planet. You were confident when we
met you at the airport. Now you're
nervous.
It's a little bit more real now.
>> Welcome to season 2 OF BEAST GAMES.
>> [cheering]
>> SEND US UP. LET'S HAVE some fun. Notice
how the floor is getting further and
further away.
You're the head of camera, right? The DP
for the series game. What are you
looking for in a shot this important?
We're looking to cover reactions when
the set raises. We're going to bring the
stage up 40 ft. It'll blow these people
flying.
OH.
How many cameras do we have here
rolling? 5 408.
>> We have all our main cameras here and
then our GoPros.
Once we get really good one-liners,
[music] then we're going to go right
into game plays. Oh my gosh. You know
what's really easy to do?
Congratulations, you 50 just made it to
the next round.
Let's go back and talk about what you
were thinking about right before the
challenge. Most shows will do that.
They'll sit just like this and they'll
go, "Man, you know, when I was in the
middle of that challenge, man, this is
[music] what I was thinking." We don't
do that.
We do,
"Hey, Jimmy just announced the rules.
What are you thinking?" [music]
If this is it, tell my wife I love her.
I fear one thing, that's God. Amen. All
you have to do is climb down the rope,
grab the blocks, come back up, and put
them in the order I tell you. I don't
want to let it down, wait. You could be
eliminated right now. What's going on in
your head? You got to pull the weight up
to get the queue.
This is as real as it [music] gets, to
be able to talk about what you're
feeling in the moment about a challenge
that's coming up,
>> [music]
>> potentially for $5 million being thrown
out the window if you lose. That's real.
Two,
one,
go.
>> [cheering]
>> They're off, they're going. ALL RIGHT,
EVERYONE IS NOW CLIMBING DOWN THEIR
TRAPDOOR.
Let's see who the first 50 to come up
are.
People have finished, WE HAVE A
FINISHER, ONE WINNER. I THINK HE MIGHT
BE THE FIRST one up. No, you have to go.
Oh, wait, number two.
Oh, you're the second.
Wow, there's actually a lot of people
struggling to get it. Oh, great shot.
Come on, use your legs. There's nine
more spots, $5 million. Dig deep.
They've been deep down there for like 15
minutes. I don't know how he's still
hanging on.
The strong game had 100 contestants, and
we needed 50 people to make it through.
You couldn't have less, [music] couldn't
have more.
Oh, she's slipping.
I'm sorry.
41 are through. Wow, we're not going to
get there. Who would have thought that
despite having 100 of these giant
mammoth people, huge muscles, strongest
of the strong,
>> [music]
>> that over half of them didn't even
complete it, which blows my mind. We ran
so many tests.
We had people that were very strong try
it, people that [music] were weak,
heavy, light, and day of, adrenaline
hit, sweaty hands, you know, it's
[music] unscripted. I needed 50 human
beings to make it back up with their
blocks, [music]
and 42 made it up. The last 50 aren't
going to make it, does that mean you're
going to give more to the smart team or
No, I said we've got a tiebreaker for
real.
All right, so we're about to go to a
tiebreaker for real. Everybody in
push-up positions. And so our backup
plan was doing a push-up contest because
it was a [music] very simple way to
showcase strength. So everyone you see
here are people that either didn't go or
fell down. We're starting off with the
women to get us to 25 women, then we're
doing the guys to get us to 25 guys.
>> Down.
Up.
Down. Up.
You worried that this may not be the
most interesting content? Like this
isn't the most visual after going from
that to That's they'll never make the
show. Oh, really? It's kind of
confusing.
And if they wanted to see the deep dive,
watch the BTS video, you know. If you're
in push-up position, welcome to Beast
City.
>> [cheering]
>> Congratulations.
How does someone this large win? LET'S
GO. CAN I be honest? A lot of what you
just watched almost didn't make the
final cut of this video as we edited it,
and that's not because of the footage,
but because the music almost wasn't
right. Like watch this.
>> If you're in push-up position, welcome
to Beast City.
>> [cheering]
>> Congratulations.
It's the same edit, same story, but
completely different feeling. And that's
all because of the music, and that's why
I love using today's sponsor, Epidemic
Sound. I've been using them for years
now to find the best music and sound
effects dating all the way back to when
I still worked at YouTube and was
[music] making videos as a side hustle.
And that's because Epidemic Sound has
over 50,000 premium tracks made by real
artists and over 200,000 sound effects
like this one used throughout a lot of
our videos, all restriction free, so I
don't have to worry about copyright. It
also allows me to search by mood to fit
a scene, and you could use their adapt
tool to easily shape tracks [music] to
fit your content. It's one of the most
creator first AI tools because it
elevates my creativity and gives back to
the artists who made [music] the music.
So click the link in the description to
try Epidemic Sound and get the highest
quality music and sound effects. [music]
See why so many creators love it, no
matter what kind of videos you're
making. All right, back to the video.
Contestants, come on in. Let's play the
next [cheering] game.
We got to smack people. She has the same
IQ as Albert Einstein.
I'm going to stack a random assortment
of blocks into a tower.
And once I knock it over,
you'll have 60 seconds to recreate that
tower using the blocks on your platform.
Our first block
is yellow, and our final block is green.
Have fun.
>> [cheering]
>> Reveal the results.
Your tower was still standing when the
timer hit zero.
Okay, well, like we do with every single
game on this show, we have a ton of
people in the control room, lawyers,
fact-check all the eliminations to make
sure they're accurate.
>> This is the verification process. We
have our producers, they've all got an
individual iPad. That iPad displays a
photo that was taken off their block
stack at the moment the clock hit zero.
I don't think people realize how many
millions of dollars we spend to ensure
these games are fair and how high of a
rigorous standard these games is held
to. I mean, we have independent third
parties, lawyers, everyone reviewing
games, compliance. We will be doing this
over and over again, adding more and
more blocks until 50 of you are
eliminated.
>> Four blocks, they got them all right.
Six blocks, they got them all right. And
then Jimmy was like, "This is too easy."
And I'm like, "Yeah, no one's out. This
is too easy." Four blocks, FOUR BLOCKS.
WE'RE CUTTING THE TIME IN HALF and
adding FOUR EXTRA BLOCKS.
HAVE FUN.
OH, IT'S POPULATING with a lot of red
squares. Hey, maybe over 50 people got
up. I don't know why we did it. That
eliminated more people than we needed.
Like it was a disaster. So 18 got it
right. What do you want to do?
Obviously, we have compliance. It's like
telling us exactly how to navigate
something like this. So now they sit
crisscross in the middle of the floor,
confused a little bit, and then we then
play a handful of other rounds to try to
get it down.
>> Last round. Obviously, I got a little
carried away. So this time, I'm going to
give you guys 60 seconds to do 10 blocks
instead of 30. Number 13,
RED.
AND THE FINAL BLOCK,
BLUE.
THREE,
TWO,
ONE.
This could be the final round. Let's see
how they're doing.
One of the primary roles that I have on
the show is to manage the budget and the
time. The time that we do everything.
When we were doing the blocks game, I'm
living in that moment right now, like
sweating bullets, like, "Guys, we've
spent twice what we were budgeted to
today, and we're still going, and we're
still going." It's why we're taking an
incredibly long time to review every
single one. How much longer do you think
we'll go tonight? I don't know what's
going on.
Look outside, like it is like 6:00 a.m.
The sun is like coming out, and that
means that the set is going to start to
look different because sunlight is
seeping through. They're sending
construction workers to like patch up
the holes in the set.
All right,
the results are in. AND YOU 50 ARE
MOVING ON TO THE CITY.
CONGRATULATIONS.
WELCOME TO THE TOP 100 of Beast Games.
I JUST LOVE
>> [cheering]
[screaming]
>> I DEFINITELY MADE MYSELF PROUD. [music]
AND I HOPE I MADE everybody else proud,
too, like my parents.
Um
like it was just such a surreal moment
cuz when I came up, I heard Jimmy
running around, and he was like, "Oh, I
think this is the first one, this is the
first one." And I finally look around,
and I realize there's nobody else, and
he was talking about me. So the the
confidence is revived, and um
>> [music]
>> I don't know, I'm I'm ready to destroy
some other contestants, to be honest.
Thank you.
Tyler, what's about to happen right now?
Bro, they're about to walk in the city
for the first time. Let's just put the
strongest in the front, [music] smartest
next to them. Okay.
Welcome to the city.
It's the world's largest Beast Games.
>> [cheering]
>> This is insane.
I am so blessed and grateful to be here,
and I'm so happy I applied.
This is literally a once-in-a-lifetime
[music] opportunity.
Jimmy, did you ever think growing up in
Greenville that you'd be able to build
your own city here?
No, to be honest. I have a town inside
the town now.
You know how crazy that is? I mean,
during the day, you'll see we brought in
a ton of trailers, offices, [music]
catering, our own water supply, and a
new control room to basically build one
of the largest base camps ever for TV
production.
I'm here with Steven, who's one of the
designers of Beast City. How many months
did it take to build all of this?
>> Just under 2 months of construction,
starting with grounds [music] work and
then concrete. Last year, the jump up
was like a doom city, and this year,
they wanted [music] more of a futuristic
utopia. So we've got video game
references, we've got sci-fi movie
references. So we only had 4 weeks to
get all of the designs roughly [music]
together. They continued to evolve a
little bit after we built, but we we had
to be budgeted, concept designed,
[music] and then it was shovels in the
ground. How did you stretch your dollar
even further, like to make it look like
this with less money? There were there
were a few things that helped us out.
The towers last season were
astronomically expensive. They were
incredibly tall. We had to be able to
put 40 people on each level
simultaneously. All of those things sort
of snowballed the cost of that. Steven
Lienhart is a great example of somebody
who just cares about everything that we
do. And I I him the basics. It's going
to be strong and smart. We want a strong
area, smart area. I just remember going,
"Man, it would be really [music] cool
if we had a 24-hour Starbucks."
I'm talking to Stephen. [music] Can you
just have the ability to build little
hut? He goes, "Yeah."
Great. Awesome. Thank you. I'm going to
get I'm going to get working on this.
This is So, it allowed us to now go to
Starbucks and go, "You have to do a
24-hour Starbucks because it's going to
be something that everybody talks
about."
>> city is about to get upgraded with a
Starbucks. Logistically speaking,
[music] we should have a runner every
single morning before everybody wakes
up, go to a local Starbucks, pick up all
the product, bring it on over. You know,
you can have sandwiches, you can have
this. You know, you have like a guard
and you have them having like a name tag
like, "Hello, [music] my name is guard."
Like, that could be really funny. Bro,
the content's going to be sick. Yeah,
because episode five you can ask for
anything.
>> Can I put an order from a Starbucks? Uh
absolutely. What would you like? Can I
do a brown sugar cold brew? Absolutely.
You just won free Starbucks for life.
Dude, my wife's going to be so happy.
She's going to go there every day. I
think we should do this [music] thing
up, man. This is supposed to be the
greatest time of the contestants' lives.
Like, they're they should, when they
leave here,
miss it. They should be like, "My god, I
wish I could live in that city forever."
Like, that's our goal here to create you
know, a utopia where they can
strategize, don't have to worry about
anything, and it's just about gameplay.
2 1
>> [cheering]
>> OPEN THE DOOR.
YOU'RE MY FAVORITE. YOU'RE MY FAVORITE.
We are about to play the most insane
game you have ever seen in your life.
I'll see you guys there.
>> [music]
>> One of the things me and Jimmy kept
talking about is if we want to one-up
season 1, it's not going to be through
spectacle events like we typically would
say. It's not rent a bigger stadium.
Like, that that's what everyone kind of
I think was [music] expecting. Something
big could be something that didn't seem
as extravagant or expensive. It's just
something bringing back people that
people cared about.
>> You can't just snap your fingers and
make 100 million people, or however many
people end up watching season 2,
instantly care about people. So, the
best way to do it without rushing it and
give it time to breathe was just to
bring back the people they already knew
from season 1. And they are in place all
blindfolded in a room?
Yep. All right, I'm coming over.
WHAT WINNER OF BEAST GAMES? WHAT?
>> [music]
>> 10 million dollars
Our whole idea for bringing back the 10
contestants from season 1 was from the
criticisms, [music] which is kind of
funny. Like, they said that we couldn't
tell stories, we couldn't build
characters.
And what better way to do it in season
[music] 2 than bring back the people
that we've already fully built? Take
your blindfolds off. See who you're
around.
The Habibi on episode 10 was as good as
a family.
It was so good.
Everyone cares about Tiyoana. Everyone
cares about Jeff. People want to see
what happens with the Habibi brother.
What better way to do it than bring
those people back? Y'all got a phone
call from myself that [music] said,
"Would you like to potentially, maybe be
part of season 2?" You guys really were
the heart of our show for season 1.
Like, there's no guarantees. The only
guarantee we have at this point
is that you will be walking out with a
potential to enter in to season 2 of
Beast Games.
>> [music]
>> CONTESTANTS, COME ON IN.
THIS IS CRAZY. WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> a mental asylum. What is this? Jimmy's
going to go, "All right, some of you
might have hoped that maybe there was a
bribe. We haven't bribed anybody yet."
>> BEFORE WE ELIMINATED HALF OF YOU,
I HAVE AN OFFER.
GUARDS, COME ON IN. WE'LL WE'LL HAVE 10
guards. They're going to come out with a
million dollars, 100,000 [music] each.
Any one of these players can step
forward, eliminate themselves from
[music] the game, and take a hundred
thousand dollars. And that's it. They're
out of the game.
And then Jimmy [music] says one more
thing.
>> TO RECEIVE THIS $100,000 BRIBE, YOU
DON'T HAVE TO eliminate your friend, not
your best friend. All you have to do is
eliminate yourself. And the catch is, if
they step forward, they have the option
to take any one of your hundred thousand
dollars. If they take [music] yours,
then you will be entered into Beast
Games season 2.
GUARDS,
TAKE OFF YOUR MASKS.
>> [cheering]
[music]
>> of the most notorious contestants from
season 1. And if you take their bribe,
they will take your spot in the game.
I know somebody's bringing back Dino.
Oh my god, he's the coin flipper. We
need him. I'd love for all of us to get
in and see what we can do with these
with this new this new batch of folks.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
>> You just WON $100,000.
>> [cheering]
>> NOW, YOU'LL HAVE TO DECIDE which one of
these 10
you want to swap with. I think Dino, you
deserve a new spot.
DINO IS OFFICIALLY BACK [cheering] IN
BEAST GAMES.
Let's bring back the winner. OH MY GOSH.
JC ALREADY WON 10 million dollars.
JC, make sure you leave some money for
the rest of the people. JC, that was
good. Star that. I think a lot of people
had a lot of preconceived notions about
everybody. Everybody saw JC steal 600
grand from everybody. So, it's going to
be fun to watch just the dynamic of him
in all these situations.
>> [laughter]
>> I knew you would take it.
It's $100,000.
Officially gave away a million dollars
in this one.
>> Oh my gosh, I'm going to buy a house.
I'm going to have a down payment for a
house. This is the most incredible
blessing.
People don't know this, but we had
someone sneak into our set. Like,
literally, I I didn't know.
>> Anyone here interested in $100,000?
Interesting. There's definitely Eric in
there, but I'm going to act like I don't
see him. Oh, buddy.
Oh, buddy. The contestants ratted you
out. That wasn't supposed to happen till
later in the show.
Why is this money moving? Oh, no.
Oh. Sorry. Sorry. I was trying to step
on your thigh.
Totally by accident. Which one of these
guys ratted me out?
Okay. [cheering] All right, the
[applause] walk of shame. This is so
bad. This is so bad. Shout out to
whoever pointed him out. Not shout out.
Not shout out. Shout out to that guy.
As another way to market the show, Sinan
had the genius idea of letting Eric hide
on set. Eric is like getting in the
money right now as part of a video he's
making for his YouTube channel, which
will get millions of views like his
other sneaking videos. [laughter] You
weren't supposed to see this. I'm just
going to hang out here as long as
possible. Hope to god that nobody
notices. He also hid in the earlier part
of episode 1. I didn't find him. He hid
as a guard.
Oh my god, I RECOGNIZE THAT PERSON.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN HERE?
WHO GAVE HIM THIS?
YOU LOOK CRAZY, RIGHT?
How long did it take you to get into
this outfit? Oh, you're only looking at
like, what, 6 hours? This is Sinan's
brainchild. It has been a month of prep
for the for the for a singular moment.
It's like Adam and Eve after getting his
first paycheck. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> I will do anything to take home the win.
I will do anything. You think this is
crazy? You wait until episode 3, bro.
>> You're coming back for one more? Oh, I'm
coming back again and again. I can't
hold up until I come back with a
victory, brother. This is the best
subplot to this show I've ever seen.
>> [laughter]
>> We're going to give you the option of
choosing between a ball game,
playing a balance game, playing a game
of bluff,
or playing a game with blocks. We will
not be telling you anything else about
these four games. I wanted to show such
a different [music] looking set. An
environment that you've probably not
seen before. And so, immediately your
eyes go, "I must be watching something
new. I'm interested. I want to see what
episode 2 is." We did a video where I
did like 24 hours in solitary
confinement, [music] and it was like
this white room, and I really liked the
vibe of that set. And it helps you
really focus on what you want people to
focus on.
Lots of strong are waiting to see who
goes where. So, like, smart
in, and strong are staying [music] back.
>> One is going to do bluff. WHAT ARE YOU
CHOOSING? These people are literally the
only reason that there's a TV show. You
know what [laughter] I mean? Like,
they're just leaving notes constantly.
>> Yeah. She just wrote a note telling them
that one of them doesn't think that the
picture [music] is actually represent
what the mini game is. And then an
editor later will potentially use that
if it makes sense. If they need they're
like, "Ah, we want somebody to question
what the game's even are." Now, they can
look at that note up, find that, and
then be able to implement that clip.
Interesting that Jeff's already got a
little posse that he's trying to swing.
>> Hording around the previous winner like
he's some god.
Blocks is getting bigger and bigger.
3 2 1 MAKE YOUR DECISION.
>> [applause]
>> ALL RIGHT, ALL THE CONTESTANTS PICK
THEIR [music] GAME, and then we'll start
soon.
Russ, am I good to go? Can I have Jimmy
go?
All right, Jimmy, you're good.
It's time for the first game. The 18 of
you are going to be playing dodgeball
until nine of you remain.
>> Here's how this works. You do not throw
the ball until the lights go red.
The lights will be red for 10 seconds.
In that 10 second window, you must throw
your ball. Round one is underway.
>> Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
>> Let's think [music] about this, guys.
COME ON.
OH!
TAKE A LOOK at this. All of these people
are all monitoring multiple angles,
multiple people. Everybody goes through
all of the footage here. It looked like
he was getting hit in the head when he
like twisted around in other angle, but
when we looked above, you can see the
ball go right past him. You're two.
You're
>> Balls collide in midair.
>> So, Yvan
and Eddie are out. He stepped on it. HE
STEPPED ON THE LINE.
Anybody get hit?
>> When he No, we have no hits yet.
>> God, that is so [music] confusing. I
want you to get out playing dodgeball.
Not because you stepped on a red line.
We have one real out and three That's
what I'm saying. I know. It's [music]
pissing me off. We want to see people
get hit with the ball. Yeah. You know?
This next one is going to screw them up.
We're going to have three lives. Three
lives. You're the first to hear it. You
guys control the red lines.
>> Yeah, so we get a little note from the
producers.
They tell us what they want to set, and
then we hit the buttons. Oh, she's
alone.
>> [screaming]
>> Fire.
Oh, Akira.
Oh!
They've only seen two spokes or three
spokes. We have four spokes. We have
five spokes.
Ready and Fred.
OH!
OH MY GOSH! THEY GOT TWO OUT. THAT'S
GAME. DUDE, there's a moment where we
thought you got out and my heart sank.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I'll see you in the city, man. You keep
surviving, man.
>> Oh. And I will stay surviving till the
end.
At least top 10.
You guys all picked bluff.
That means you guys shouldn't have a
problem lying to each [music] other.
That's what this entire game is about.
Open the door.
I need to go back to the city.
I don't want to hurt anyone in this
room.
If I don't make it out of this room, and
she makes it back,
it's going to be really ugly for whoever
eliminates me in this room.
Okay, 49 is aligned with 50, 55, and
173. Can you call out the numbers again?
49 is with 50, 55, 173. Trying to get
[music] 162 in against Kareem 406. It
wasn't just the season one contestants
that we brought back. We brought back
player number 49, Lewiston. He was the
husband of the girl that the Habibi
brothers bullied in the cubes. Kareem
and his brother has them gaslit my wife
on national television to get her out.
You guys.
I told you I'd do it. Me and my brother
are secretly talking to each other the
entire time.
And
basically, she doesn't know about Woah.
>> [music]
>> We didn't even know if the Habibi
brother was going to even be in the
show, but our goal is to give
opportunities for content.
>> say whatever you want, but you did what
you did. Be careful.
They'll make you the villain. That was
an opportunity that in theory could have
fizzled out. He could have just been
player 49. No one would even would have
even known. But instead, that storyline
happened. He happened to want to get
revenge. We didn't tell him to do that.
He happened to want to, and they both
ended up duking it out on episode two.
>> You're blue. Yeah, you're blue. Three
seconds left.
Jesse, you're yellow. Jesse.
Time is up. Turn around, BLUE TEAM.
OH!
OH, KAREEM, now I feel sorry for him.
No, you do not. I'm sorry, Kareem.
You have red on the back of your head.
You have been eliminated.
>> And everyone's going to look at it and
go, "Wow, that's crazy." Some might even
say it's rigged. But at the end of the
day, the truth is is we provide a lot of
cool opportunities through casting to
get sick outcomes. Kareem is in that
room right now.
And that was just one of the most
cutthroat things I've ever seen. I was
excited for him to have like a new
beginning, show people that he's more
than who he was in season one.
He just
cut it short. What's up? Not much, man.
How you feeling, man? Like
what's your immediate reaction? I'm
Egyptian. You know, we're we're
immigrants. You know, I've faced
adversity my entire life, and it's not
something that I'm not used to, but it's
never been adversity of character, and I
think that's kind of where
that kind of hits me a little bit
harder.
Cuz
that's just not who I am, you know?
And that's very important to me.
>> [snorts]
>> It sucked for the last year to always be
in a
position of adversity, always start from
a negative, and try to show people that
I'm competing for a game.
>> You know what I mean? I'm doing what I
can. I'm kind of sad that that's the way
it was ended, and it ended a little
sooner than I would have wanted it to,
but
These custom-made break-away hearts
that will all be on these scales with
these custom rocks to counterbalance
these.
And even with all the care in the world,
this stuff is so fragile, it's very easy
to lose one, and um they just go. These
are glass,
so be very careful.
>> This is the best [music] balance game
ever put on TV. Yeah, it's going to be
good. This might be my favorite game in
the show. They're very, very [music]
sensitive to like the slightest touch.
We lose like probably 50 to 60% of these
things. Not only do they have very few
of these hearts with these rubies
inside, but if it breaks, that causes
like a 45-minute [music]
cleanup, and that causes overtime.
Three, two, one. Hold the pin. Make sure
you hold it up.
Oh my god.
Out of all of the games, this is the one
I'm most nervous about.
The way I looked at it was like, [music]
what is a game that is completely
balanced for both strong and smart
people? A strong person can lift up a
heart and curl it and go, "I know what
20 lb feels like when I curl." A smart
person may not [music] do it that way.
They may do something else. So, you get
to see the contrast of how their brains
operate.
>> What round is that? 22.
Moment of truth. When you're ready, PULL
THAT PIN.
OH!
OH MY GOD.
JUST PICKING UP THE red rubies from last
round.
Hey, anything else? [music]
IT'S TIME FOR THE FINAL GAME.
The fourth game of [music] the episode
is going to be a block game. We're
actually going to be going back to the
city
to play a 50 times bigger version of
blocks.
>> [music]
>> It's going to be freaking crazy. They
all think those flags are coming down.
They're not. They're going to have to
climb 50 ft in the air. So, you have to
build this this thing, climb up it, grab
the flag, and the first team to grab the
flag moves on. It's about to be game
time. Make sure you get good shots.
Welcome to the game.
Do you think honestly this game favors
the strong? No, this game, I tell you
without a doubt, favors communication.
Cuz you only need one really athletic
person climbing this thing on either
side, and that's it. Like you as long as
you each have one, which they both have
one, and then as long as the runners are
decent, you're just going to alternate
blocks.
So, we set up test after test for the
big block game in episode two. We tested
that 10, 12, 15 times. We're putting
ourselves in real time of what's going
to happen. Every block has a purpose. If
you put the block down like this instead
of like this, it could mean that your
tower falls, or could mean that you're
not high enough to grab the flag. All
the potential options of things that
could happen, somebody might say this,
you know, and he's like, "It'd be great
if as [music] they're building it, it
tips over."
We're [cheering] like literally pitching
and writing a game by pretending of
every scenario. Five, six scenarios of
what could actually happen. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
We have been playing this game so long
that
the shine
is really
starting to come off.
At this point,
IT'S WHICH ONE OF THE TWO MEN
WANTS TO
WIN? WHO WANTS TO BE THE MOST
FIRST?
AT THE END, HOW COOL would it be
if two people were really close, and one
person jumped AND MISSED IT?
>> JOHNNY,
>> [screaming]
>> HE'S GOING FOR IT. HE'S GOING FOR IT.
THAT HAPPENED.
Seven hours later.
>> [cheering]
>> Oh my goodness. That was a nail-biter.
Intro to episode three.
You just saw it.
It's really good.
And with that,
the second game is over.
How we doing, boss?
>> opus. This is it. This is it. This is
it. Bro, this is this is happening. I
will live in this city for days. What
are you going to do to make sure the
contestants don't rat you out? Cuz last
time, Jimmy didn't find you. A
contestant pointed you out.
>> ever read The Art of War?
No. Can you see this?
We're at war, John. I don't know what
little video you're filming here. This
is a battlefield, okay? It's me versus
Jimmy on a one-v-one right now. Why
wouldn't I read The Art of War?
How prepped do I look this time, huh?
Go ahead. Go ahead and make fun of this
prep. See? I have a pee bottle here
because I'm assuming I might be in there
for days.
Okay.
You're inside the bush. Jimmy and the
contestants are literally right over
there. So, 50 people left. We told them
all to split up into groups of five. So,
they picked their teams. There's some
cutthroat [music] and backstabbing, so
I'll cast them. And we told them that
half of them about to be eliminated.
That's all they know.
Between us, it's going to be freaking
crazy.
Yeah, like this next game is wild. How
are you feeling about your team? I feel
really good. I feel really bad. I feel
really good. I feel really bad about
this team, bro. I don't know. Why do you
feel bad? Because you don't think we
have the strength? I don't think we I
think we could [music] have used a
little bit more muscle instead of JC.
Let's go, bro. Lock it in with us. I got
you. I got you. I got you. I swear to
god, JC, if you cook me. Basically,
[music]
it's a game where you have to jump on
these like teeter-totters and progress
through the course. There's a lot of
strategy in it, you know. I'm excited to
see the smart people. Maybe like grab
strong and kind of pull them in a
direction. Hey, listen, you can go super
fast, but if you fall, our whole game is
over. So, slow and steady might win the
race.
So, episode 1, we got punched in the
face with the giant storm. We got
through it. Episode 2 went pretty
smooth. We kind of felt like we were in
a little bit of a rhythm just for
episode 3 to get punched directly in the
face [music] by mother nature again.
We have an imminent bad weather
situation coming, [music] so we need to
roll cameras immediately and start this.
How much time do we have? We have like a
small window. We probably have less than
10 minutes. It rained harder that night
than I have seen in a very long time.
This thunderstorm literally just sat on
us. Nonstop, [music]
insane. Roads flooded. The whole city is
flooded. The thing is, rain we can
[music] film it. When we film main
channel videos, it's raining all the
time. But I can't remember the last time
it thundered in a main channel video.
Like that literally never happens. Man,
this becomes really difficult. In about
30 minutes, it will be unsafe to do
anything.
Lightning was striking all around us.
Literally, like striking
As soon as a lightning strike is within
10 miles, everybody has to take cover
immediately. We can't film. [music] We
had to send the contestants back to the
city. We have been fighting This is the
live IRL version of what we're going
through. We had to send ourselves back
to the the trailers and rough out the
storm. We've just been sitting here on
lockdown for the past 3 hours. Some of
the worst thunderstorms and lightning in
Greenville's recent history are
happening right now. And Clix is about
to walk in to address the crew. Have a
seat. The bigger thing is the next steps
of what we're going to do to salvage the
episode. Just be on standby. We are
going to get this thing done.
So, thank you guys. Thanks for uh
sticking it out. What's the probability
we film today?
It all comes down to the lightning.
Safety. The first 10 hours after I wake
up, those are like the most prime time,
like my highest energy. I'm going to be
the best on camera. I was just sitting
there waiting, and you just drained it
all, and then by the time it's time to
film, you know, is when you're at the
lowest of your low during the day. It's
brutal. But honestly, that's like the
least annoying problem of the rain. The
real problem is now I also have hundreds
of people in the crew sitting around.
Mess up the tech. It delays everything.
It's not only just that game, but it's
the other games we're working on. Of
course,
with the bad luck, we also get some of
the good luck. We found these little
[music] pockets and windows of time to
get out there and film a quick game in
between lightning storms. Cuz it's
storming for a little bit, there's an
hour window.
>> [music]
>> We literally you're like, "Oh, green
light, we're good." We just got the
clearance that's actually safe to film.
The lightning is still far enough away.
It's raining, but they're covering the
cameras, and [music] we're just going to
try to get as many run-throughs of
contestants going through this obstacle
course as possible before [music] we
have to shelter in place.
>> [cheering]
>> Contestants,
COME ON UP. LET'S SEE WHICH TEAM WINS
round 1. 3
1 GO!
>> [screaming]
>> OH, TEAM 3 IS JUST BLITZING.
REMEMBER, if you are thrown in the
balls, it's over.
>> [screaming]
>> Team 3,
you're moving on.
>> [cheering]
>> Team 3,
team 3, team 3. How many minutes do we
have right now to film the next like
run-through of the obstacle course with
the contestants? It's minute to minute.
You know, any change in the direction of
how it's going, and we're going to just
lock it down, get everybody out, get
them to shelter, get them into the
vehicles that we've got standing by over
there. What do we got coming up? Uh we
got a big storm coming in over here.
>> [music]
>> We might be able to get another one in.
Who's going first?
Okay, team 3.
We had such a tight turnaround.
Basically, we're under the impression if
we didn't film all of the games,
which seemed impossible at the time, we
weren't going to be [music] able to go
to the Survivor Island and film that
entire episode. We couldn't miss that.
We were stuck.
All right, JC, I think she's building
confidence. I wouldn't fall too far
behind. Go on for it, JC. The answer was
we had to work faster than we've
probably ever worked on any episode, and
we had to film four games in one day.
>> [cheering]
>> MY TEAM IS OFFICIALLY MOVING ON.
25.
LET'S GO.
I NEVER DOUBTED these guys FOR A SECOND.
I TOLD HIM HE WOULD have to get on his
hands and knees and beg for forgiveness
for ever doubting me and my team picking
abilities.
Wow, he's bowing down. I am I am so
sorry for doubting your team picking
abilities. Okay, come here. I am so
sorry. I am so sorry for ever doubting
you. You're stuck with me.
>> [laughter]
>> Congrats, man. We're going to get more
money for JC. More money.
More money for JC. More money.
More money.
If we had to just do this show under
normal conditions, it would be immensely
challenging. We just keep getting stuff
thrown at us. Our control room, the roof
was seconds away from leaking and just
dumping over a couple of million dollars
worth of gear. That's a water bubble
that's just develops. Oh my god. So, all
that water could like break over the
control room. Absolutely.
We got a lot of issues in here that we
got to fix. Not only are we looking up
praying the lightning's not going to
strike in a 10-mile radius to then shut
down the shoot again, we also had
lightning struck so close that one of
our servers got all messed up. And so,
there was a point where right before
we're about to go, and I hear in my
comms, Clix hears in his comms, "We got
a problem." Jimmy, pause. Jimmy, pause.
All power in control room went down.
Really? Yeah.
The whole last game we filmed, we didn't
know if that footage was gone.
>> [music]
>> We had no idea. It was a giant trailer
that we had full of servers. Three or
four petabytes of data. Full of air
conditioning pumping in there. And when
the power went out, guys who managed the
servers themselves were like literally
hand fanning off trying to keep
everything cool. It was a mad scramble
to do whatever we could. I need 100%
confirmation. And I went over there.
They're like, "Clix, we're good. We're
fine. Everything's working." I'm like,
"Awesome. Show me the footage. We have
[music] to check."
It simply put, you have to check. And
so, we checked the footage. It was
there. It was great. But man, WAS THAT A
SCARE.
WELCOME TO THE FINAL [screaming]
ROUND. HERE WE GO. Let's go.
We got this.
>> [screaming]
>> 1
GO!
THEY'RE BOTH RACING TO GET POSITION.
They're about to meet at the Y. Tyler's
guarding the exit with the jousting.
What's he got, Eric? Come on.
How do you think about the safety of
this with like rain? Like I ran through
it, and it was hard enough when it
wasn't wet and rainy. And you still did
it.
>> [laughter]
>> Somehow. And I saw you had a bunch of
other testers and volunteers running
through it. We have a whole 'nother team
that's behind the scenes managing that
version of safety. Safety is first for
us. You have to make sure our people are
safe. We do testing to break the games.
[music] We do it to literally say, "We
didn't come up with a good enough game.
It broke. Here's why. Let's fix it." And
so, when you tested actually, you
[music] went up against Logan. He
actually was blocking your way because
we have a Y, and then we have a path
that both of you shared. He stood on the
path. Cuz we didn't have any rules at
that point. We were like, "Hey, just see
what happens." So, Logan blocks you. You
had to skirt around him, and we were
like, "Oh, there's like interaction
there." I was surprised I got I wasn't
rammed off the platform there. If
somebody's standing there, and $5 is at
stake, I'm going through you. We can't
have that. Somebody's going to get hurt.
So, we changed it. So, rather than keep
somebody on this shared path, we
adjusted. And we said, "Okay, stand on
your platform. If you have a jousting
stick, you reach over and you joust the
other person on their separate [music]
platform."
And that was based off of the test that
you ran with Logan.
>> [cheering]
>> 3
>> [screaming]
>> 2
YOU GUYS GO.
GO, MIKE. LET'S GO. GO.
>> [music]
>> GO BEFORE HE GETS POSITION ON YOU.
They're about to meet at the Y. I'm
doing this for my brother [music] and my
family, bro. Don't take that from me.
>> [music]
[cheering]
>> It is a fight to the death.
>> [music]
>> Can we go to replay and see the push
with the hands? Oh my god. Can we go to
instant replay? If you watch like a
replay in a football game, we look at
everything from every angle possible,
and we don't decide how we're moving
forward until we're in agreement. What
happened? We just erased from the set.
There's a lot of like questions about
this joust in particular. What What
happened?
You'll see the right arm of white, here
it is, grabs the side,
now goes for the head. Oh.
That's where it gets illegal. That's the
illegal move. And he's out. He's out. No
matter what. Sorry, guys.
Get in there.
You lost so bad.
>> I've been inching closer and closer.
When I saw the bush on the [laughter]
pavement
My schedule is literally planned down to
the minute.
We're shooting with Jimmy's body double.
>> Everything has to be perfect.
>> When do you need [music] me there?
>> It was a miracle if a day was less than
15 hours for me.
>> Does our gear take A BULLET HOLE? OH MY
GOD! THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT ON SURVIVOR.
>> They've taken [music] this genre and
just
steroided it. Quite a few precarious
[music]
spots.
>> We're prepping to race the cheetah. Did
you ever think you'd die when you were
doing your YouTube videos?
Real quick, I just wanted to address all
the comments on our videos about whether
or not we're doing a Beast Games season
2 reunion. And the answer is yes. I was
so caught off guard.
>> We're starting with that?
>> a never-before-seen clip.
>> Oh gosh.
>> No, you love this. Come on.
>> Let's talk about it.
>> That's a crock of crap.
We just filmed it last week in North
Carolina with Jimmy and the finalists.
And let's just say it got pretty crazy.
So make sure you subscribe and ring the
notification bell cuz you're not going
to want to miss this video. I'll see you
next time.